Add rpi-otp-private-key clarification (#3900)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/raspberry-pi/raspberry-pi-industrial.adoc

See https://gitlab.com/cryptsetup/cryptsetup[Cryptsetup] for more information about open-source disk encryption.

==== Program a key into OTP with `rpi-otp-private-key`

> NOTE: The `rpi-otp-private-key` script can only be used on devices with the Broadcom BC2711 or BC2712 processor.

Reviewer: You've missed the 'M' out of BCM2711 and BCM2712 :wink: 
https://www.raspberrypi.com/documentation/computers/processors.html

Author: Good catch, thank you! I've force-pushed an amended commit rather than adding a typo fix commit, hope that is okay. 🙂

> ==== Program a key into OTP with `rpi-otp-private-key`
> NOTE: The `rpi-otp-private-key` script can only be used on devices with the Broadcom BCM2711 or BCM2712 processor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Program a key into OTP with `rpi-otp-private-key`

NOTE: The `rpi-otp-private-key` script only works on devices that use the Broadcom xref:processors.adoc#bcm2711[BCM2711] or xref:processors.adoc#bcm2712[BCM2712]) processors.
```

==== Program a key into OTP with `rpi-otp-private-key`

> NOTE: The `rpi-otp-private-key` script only works on devices that use the Broadcom xref:processors.adoc#bcm2711[BCM2711] or xref:processors.adoc#bcm2712[BCM2712]) processors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `rpi-otp-private-key` script only works on devices that use the Broadcom xref:processors.adoc#bcm2711[BCM2711] or xref:processors.adoc#bcm2712[BCM2712] processors.
```
